--- 6 ---

Now, you need to figure out a roadmap inside the jungle that leads you to the final last coin of the treasure.

It seems like the directions you can take are a series of commands like forward 1, down 2, or up 3

forward X increases the horizontal position by X units.
down X increases the altitude by X units.
up X decreases the altitude by X units.
Note that since you're on ground, down and up affect your altitude, and so they have the opposite result of what you might expect.

The first line of input contains an integer 𝑛 — the number of directions in the planned course.
The following set of N lines of input contains:
    - S, X - A string S which denotes the direction of your next step ( "forward", "down", "up") and an integer X which denotes the units in that direction as per instruction.

Your insight seems to already have a planned course (your puzzle input). But, your pirates need help in figuring out where it's going. For example

6
forward 5
down 5
forward 8
up 3
down 8
forward 2

Your horizontal position and altitude both start at 0. 

In addition to horizontal position and altitude , you'll also need to track a third value, aim, which also starts at 0. The commands also mean something entirely different than you first thought

down X increases your aim by X units.
up X decreases your aim by X units.
forward X does two things
It increases your horizontal position by X units.
It increases your altitude by your aim multiplied by X.
Again note that since you're on ground, down and up do the opposite of what you might expect: "down" means aiming in the positive direction.

Now, the above example does something different:

forward 5 adds 5 to your horizontal position, a total of 5. Because your aim is 0, your altitude does not change.
down 5 adds 5 to your aim, resulting in a value of 5.
forward 8 adds 8 to your horizontal position, a total of 13. Because your aim is 5, your altitude increases by 8*5=40.
up 3 decreases your aim by 3, resulting in a value of 2.
down 8 adds 8 to your aim, resulting in a value of 10.
forward 2 adds 2 to your horizontal position, a total of 15. Because your aim is 10, your altitude increases by 2*10=20 to a total of 60.
After following these new instructions, you would have a horizontal position of 15 and a altitude of 60. (Multiplying these produces 900.)

Using this new interpretation of the commands, calculate the horizontal position and altitude you would have after following the planned course. What do you get if you multiply your final horizontal position by your final depth?

Your puzzle answer was 1727785422.
